About
================================================================================
The lexs-ws-5.0-flex-split project provides a starting point for implementers 
looking to develop Java based LEXS 5.0 SOAP web service endpoints that follow 
the LEXS 5.0 split-metadata SSPs. It uses JAXB to generate Java object bindings 
and JAXWS to implement the web service. 

The JAXB bindings are generated using subset of the LEXS 5.0 schemas modified to 
only contain the top level message elements. Unlike the official LEXS 5.0 
schemas, these schemas are modified so the top level LEXS 5.0 message elements 
contain content placeholders(xsd:any) as their child element rather than 
specific LEXS 5.0 elements. This design decision provides great flexibility 
in the use of the Java binding objects.

The SOAP web service endpoints are generated by JAXWS using WSDL files that 
follow the LEXS 5.0 split-metadata SSPs. The WSDL files use the modified LEXS 
5.0 schemas, mentioned above, to build the Java binding objects.

This project only provides endpoints that follow the split-metadata SSPs to 
demonstrate the case where LEXS metadata is split between the SOAP header and 
body.

The application provides skeleton code for endpoints to handle a subset of the 
LEXS 5.0 messages. The following table shows the LEXS 5.0 requests accepted by 
the application and the responses it returns.

+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| Request                       | Response                     |
+--------------------------------------------------------------+
| domainRequest			| domainResponse               |
| doPublishAcknowledgedRequest	| doPublishAcknowledgedResponse|
| doStructuredSearchRequest     | doSearchResponse             |
| doTextSearchRequest           | doSearchResponse             |
| RenewRequest                  | RenewResponse                |
+--------------------------------------------------------------+

The endpoints for the accepted requests will always return the same response. 
The goal of this implementation is to provide an example of how to generate 
endpoints that follow the LEXS 5.0 split SSPs, and show how to manipulate 
the LEXS metadata in the SOAP header. It is not meant to show how to process 
the incoming LEXS message. Processing of the incoming SOAP message is left as 
an exercise for the implementer.

Techologies Used
================================================================================
- JAVA 1.8
- JAXB 2.2.7
- JAXWS 2.2.7
- Maven 3

Configuration
================================================================================
To work with Java 8 you will need to add jaxp.properties file in the 
<JAVA_HOME>/jre/lib directory. In that file add the following:
javax.xml.accessExternalSchema = all

To Build
================================================================================
Use maven to build the project
> mvn clean install

The target directory will contain the file lexs-ws-jaxws-service.war that you
can deploy on your web application server.

How to view WSDLs on the Webserver
================================================================================
http://<server_name>:8080/lexs-ws-jaxws-service/services/de?wsdl
http://<server_name>:8080/lexs-ws-jaxws-service/services/pd?wsdl
http://<server_name>:8080/lexs-ws-jaxws-service/services/sr?wsdl
http://<server_name>:8080/lexs-ws-jaxws-service/services/snsm?wsdl

To Test
================================================================================
Deploy war file to web application server
Use SoapUI project to tests /src/test/resources/LEXS-5-0-Flex-soapui-project.xml